src/_how-to/outline/phase/action.md, before:

During the action phase players activate systems during their turn by dropping a command token on them. As a convenience, players can also right click the system tile for the option to move the token for them.

Players can also right click a system to explore planets or place control and diplomacy tokens. If Naaz-Rokha is in the game, it adds a distant suns explore option Naaz-Rokha can use when they have a mech in the system.

If you activate a system with other players' units, or you have units in a system another player activates, the combat window pops up. Adjacent PDS players aren't told they can participate, they need to notice they can fire and right click the table to open their combat window.

Play action cards and the like by placing them face up in or nearest to your play area BEFORE clicking the combat button, and remember to trash them after use.

Right click your strategy card to play it. This opens a strategy card window for all players, potentially stacking if a player does not close a strategy card window before the next is played.

When you're ready to pass either click the button on the status pad in your player area, or click your name in the turn order list and select the pass option.

At the end of the action phase, right click the strategy card mat to deal action cards and add command tokens. This also does other end of phase cleanup like readying sustained units and spent planet cards.

Commit message:

toggle combat window checks all units' space cannon range, not just pds (xxcha flagship)

src/_how-to/outline/phase/action.md, after:

During the action phase players activate systems during their turn by dropping a command token on them. As a convenience, players can also right click the system tile for the option to move the token for them.

Players can also right click a system to explore planets or place control and diplomacy tokens. If Naaz-Rokha is in the game, it adds a distant suns explore option Naaz-Rokha can use when they have a mech in the system.

The combat window pops up when you activate a system with other players' units, or if another player activates a system where you have units or is in space cannon range.

Play action cards and the like by placing them face up in or nearest to your play area BEFORE clicking the combat button, and remember to trash them after use.

Right click your strategy card to play it. This opens a strategy card window for all players, potentially stacking if a player does not close a strategy card window before the next is played.

When you're ready to pass either click the button on the status pad in your player area, or click your name in the turn order list and select the pass option.

At the end of the action phase, right click the strategy card mat to deal action cards and add command tokens. This also does other end of phase cleanup like readying sustained units and spent planet cards.
